Readme.md, before:

Awesome Hacktivism
=======================
[![Travis Build](https://travis-ci.org/Nipher/awesome-hacktivism.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Nipher/awesome-hacktivism) [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

- [What is Hacktivism?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacktivism)

> Hacktivism is the subversive use of computers and computer networks to promote a political agenda. With roots in hacker culture and hacker ethics, its ends are often related to the free speech, human rights, or freedom of information movements. 

- [Contributing Guide](Contributing.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Documentaries](#documentaries)
- [Groups](#groups)
- [People to Follow](#people-to-follow)
- [Videos](#videos)

## Documentaries

- [Citizenfour](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4044364/) - A documentarian and a reporter travel to Hong Kong for the first of many meetings with Edward Snowden.
- [We Are Legion: The Story of the Hacktivists](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2177843/) ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvB3xw6GQug)) - A documentary on the workings and beliefs of the self-described "hacktivist" collective, Anonymous.
- [The Hacker Wars](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4047350/) ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ku9edEKvGuY)) - Ripped from international headlines, The Hacker Wars takes you to the front lines of the high-stakes battle over the fate of the Internet, freedom and privacy.
- [The Internet’s Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3268458/) ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpvcc9C8SbM)) - The story of programming prodigy and information activist Aaron Swartz, who took his own life at the age of 26.
- [We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks ](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1824254/) - A documentary that details the creation of Julian Assange's controversial website, which facilitated the largest security breach in U.S. history.
- [Free the Network: Hackers Take Back the Web](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fx93WJPCCGs) - Motherboard's documentary on Occupy Wall Street, hacktivism, and the hackers trying to build a distributed network for the Occupy movement and beyond.

## Groups

- [Anonymous](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anonymous_(group)) - Anonymous is a loosely associated international network of activist and hacktivist entities.
- [LulzSec](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LulzSec) - Lulz Security, was a black hat computer hacking group that claimed responsibility for several high profile attacks, including the compromise of user accounts from Sony Pictures in 2011.
- [Demand Progress](https://demandprogress.org/) - Demand Progress is a national grassroots group with two million affiliated activists who fight for basic rights and freedoms needed for a modern democracy.
- [Cult of the Dead Cow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cult_of_the_Dead_Cow) - Cult of the Dead Cow, is a computer hacker and DIY media organization founded in 1984 in Lubbock, Texas
- [Chaos Computer Club](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaos_Computer_Club) - The Chaos Computer Club (CCC) is Europe's largest association of hackers, It has been characterized as one of the most influential digital organisations anywhere, the centre of German digital culture, hacker culture, hacktivism, and the intersection of any discussion of democratic and digital rights.
- [Cicada 3301](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cicada_3301) - Cicada 3301 is a name given to an enigmatic organization that has posted a set of complex puzzles and alternate reality games to recruit codebreakers from the public, the puzzle has been called "the most elaborate and mysterious puzzle of the internet age".
- [Decocidio](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decocidio) - Decocidio is an anonymous, autonomous collective of hacktivists which is part of Earth First!, a radical environmental protest organisation, and adheres to Climate Justice Action.
- [Milw0rm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milw0rm) - Milw0rm is a group of hacktivists best known for penetrating the computers of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) in Mumbai, the primary nuclear research facility of India.
- [Telecomix](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecomix) - Telecomix is a decentralized cluster of net activists, committed to the freedom of expression.
- [Level Seven](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Level_Seven_(hacking_group)) - The hacking group was noted in Attrition's Top 20 most active group's of all time by claiming responsibility for over 60 unauthorized penetrations of computer systems in 1999 alone, including The First American National Bank, The Federal Geographic Data Committee, NASA and Sheraton Hotels.
- [TeaMp0isoN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TeaMp0isoN) - TeaMp0isoN was a computer security research group consisting of 3-5 core members. The group gained notoriety in 2011/2012 for their blackhat hacking activities, which included attacks on the United Nations, NASA, NATO, Facebook and several other large corporations and government entities.

## People to Follow

- [Edward Snowden](https://twitter.com/Snowden)
- [WikiLeaks](https://twitter.com/wikileaks)
- [Julian Assange](https://twitter.com/JulianAssange_)
- [Demand Progress](https://twitter.com/demandprogress)
- [Tim Berners-Lee](https://twitter.com/timberners_lee)
- [Lawrence Lessig](https://twitter.com/lessig)
- [Subverzo](https://twitter.com/subverzo)
- [Andrew Auernheimer](https://twitter.com/rabite)
- [Jaime Cochran](https://twitter.com/ACKFlags)
- [Lauren Pespisa](https://twitter.com/SplendidSpoon)
- [Gregg Housh](https://twitter.com/GreggHoush)
- [Anonymous Ops](https://twitter.com/AnonyOps)
- [Anonymous Cast](https://twitter.com/anonycast)
- [TheAnonMessage](https://twitter.com/TheAnonnMessage)
- [Chaosupdates](https://twitter.com/chaosupdates)

## Videos

- [Anonymous - Message to the Citizens of the World II](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hDqFJJDHhk)
- [Anonymous - Message to the American People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrXyLrTRXso)
- [Anonymous - The Movement](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tMq99SYv8M)
- [Richard Stallman talks about Hacktivism and Anonymous protest](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3xXFSMd20A)

## Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! [Click here to read the guidelines](https://github.com/Nipher/awesome-hacktivism/blob/master/Contributing.md).

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Jonas Mendes](https://github.com/Nipher) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Add EFF and Eva Galperin

Readme.md, after:

Awesome Hacktivism
=======================
[![Travis Build](https://travis-ci.org/Nipher/awesome-hacktivism.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Nipher/awesome-hacktivism) [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

- [What is Hacktivism?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacktivism)

> Hacktivism is the subversive use of computers and computer networks to promote a political agenda. With roots in hacker culture and hacker ethics, its ends are often related to the free speech, human rights, or freedom of information movements. 

- [Contributing Guide](Contributing.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Documentaries](#documentaries)
- [Groups](#groups)
- [People to Follow](#people-to-follow)
- [Videos](#videos)

## Documentaries

- [Citizenfour](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4044364/) - A documentarian and a reporter travel to Hong Kong for the first of many meetings with Edward Snowden.
- [We Are Legion: The Story of the Hacktivists](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2177843/) ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvB3xw6GQug)) - A documentary on the workings and beliefs of the self-described "hacktivist" collective, Anonymous.
- [The Hacker Wars](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4047350/) ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ku9edEKvGuY)) - Ripped from international headlines, The Hacker Wars takes you to the front lines of the high-stakes battle over the fate of the Internet, freedom and privacy.
- [The Internet’s Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3268458/) ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpvcc9C8SbM)) - The story of programming prodigy and information activist Aaron Swartz, who took his own life at the age of 26.
- [We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks ](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1824254/) - A documentary that details the creation of Julian Assange's controversial website, which facilitated the largest security breach in U.S. history.
- [Free the Network: Hackers Take Back the Web](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fx93WJPCCGs) - Motherboard's documentary on Occupy Wall Street, hacktivism, and the hackers trying to build a distributed network for the Occupy movement and beyond.

## Groups

- [Anonymous](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anonymous_(group)) - Anonymous is a loosely associated international network of activist and hacktivist entities.
- [LulzSec](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LulzSec) - Lulz Security, was a black hat computer hacking group that claimed responsibility for several high profile attacks, including the compromise of user accounts from Sony Pictures in 2011.
- [Demand Progress](https://demandprogress.org/) - Demand Progress is a national grassroots group with two million affiliated activists who fight for basic rights and freedoms needed for a modern democracy.
- [Cult of the Dead Cow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cult_of_the_Dead_Cow) - Cult of the Dead Cow, is a computer hacker and DIY media organization founded in 1984 in Lubbock, Texas
- [Chaos Computer Club](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaos_Computer_Club) - The Chaos Computer Club (CCC) is Europe's largest association of hackers, It has been characterized as one of the most influential digital organisations anywhere, the centre of German digital culture, hacker culture, hacktivism, and the intersection of any discussion of democratic and digital rights.
- [Cicada 3301](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cicada_3301) - Cicada 3301 is a name given to an enigmatic organization that has posted a set of complex puzzles and alternate reality games to recruit codebreakers from the public, the puzzle has been called "the most elaborate and mysterious puzzle of the internet age".
- [Decocidio](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decocidio) - Decocidio is an anonymous, autonomous collective of hacktivists which is part of Earth First!, a radical environmental protest organisation, and adheres to Climate Justice Action.
- [Milw0rm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milw0rm) - Milw0rm is a group of hacktivists best known for penetrating the computers of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) in Mumbai, the primary nuclear research facility of India.
- [Telecomix](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecomix) - Telecomix is a decentralized cluster of net activists, committed to the freedom of expression.
- [Level Seven](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Level_Seven_(hacking_group)) - The hacking group was noted in Attrition's Top 20 most active group's of all time by claiming responsibility for over 60 unauthorized penetrations of computer systems in 1999 alone, including The First American National Bank, The Federal Geographic Data Committee, NASA and Sheraton Hotels.
- [TeaMp0isoN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TeaMp0isoN) - TeaMp0isoN was a computer security research group consisting of 3-5 core members. The group gained notoriety in 2011/2012 for their blackhat hacking activities, which included attacks on the United Nations, NASA, NATO, Facebook and several other large corporations and government entities.
- [Electronic Frontier Foundation](https://www.eff.org) - The Electronic Frontier Foundation is an international non-profit digital rights group based in San Francisco, California.

## People to Follow

- [Edward Snowden](https://twitter.com/Snowden)
- [WikiLeaks](https://twitter.com/wikileaks)
- [Julian Assange](https://twitter.com/JulianAssange_)
- [Demand Progress](https://twitter.com/demandprogress)
- [Tim Berners-Lee](https://twitter.com/timberners_lee)
- [Lawrence Lessig](https://twitter.com/lessig)
- [Subverzo](https://twitter.com/subverzo)
- [Andrew Auernheimer](https://twitter.com/rabite)
- [Jaime Cochran](https://twitter.com/ACKFlags)
- [Lauren Pespisa](https://twitter.com/SplendidSpoon)
- [Gregg Housh](https://twitter.com/GreggHoush)
- [Anonymous Ops](https://twitter.com/AnonyOps)
- [Anonymous Cast](https://twitter.com/anonycast)
- [TheAnonMessage](https://twitter.com/TheAnonnMessage)
- [Chaosupdates](https://twitter.com/chaosupdates)
- [Electronic Frontier Foundation](https://twitter.com/EFF)
- [Eva Galperin](https://twitter.com/evacide)

## Videos

- [Anonymous - Message to the Citizens of the World II](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hDqFJJDHhk)
- [Anonymous - Message to the American People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrXyLrTRXso)
- [Anonymous - The Movement](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tMq99SYv8M)
- [Richard Stallman talks about Hacktivism and Anonymous protest](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3xXFSMd20A)

## Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! [Click here to read the guidelines](https://github.com/Nipher/awesome-hacktivism/blob/master/Contributing.md).

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Jonas Mendes](https://github.com/Nipher) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
